now the Spirit of God came upon Azariah
now the Spirit of God came upon Azariah the son of Odette and he went out to
the son of Odette and he went out to
the son of Odette and he went out to meet ASA hear me ASA and all Judah and
meet ASA hear me ASA and all Judah and
meet ASA hear me ASA and all Judah and Benjamin
Benjamin
Benjamin the Lord is with you while you are with
the Lord is with you while you are with
the Lord is with you while you are with him if you seek him he will be found by
him if you seek him he will be found by
him if you seek him he will be found by you but if you forsake him he will
you but if you forsake him he will
you but if you forsake him he will forsake you for a long time Israel has
forsake you for a long time Israel has
forsake you for a long time Israel has been without the true God without a
been without the true God without a
been without the true God without a teaching priest and without law but when
teaching priest and without law but when
teaching priest and without law but when in their trouble they turned to the Lord
in their trouble they turned to the Lord
in their trouble they turned to the Lord God of Israel and sought him he was
God of Israel and sought him he was
God of Israel and sought him he was found by them and in those times there
found by them and in those times there
found by them and in those times there was no peace to the one who went out
was no peace to the one who went out
was no peace to the one who went out north are the one who came in but great
north are the one who came in but great
north are the one who came in but great turmoil was on all the inhabitants of
turmoil was on all the inhabitants of
turmoil was on all the inhabitants of the lands so nation was destroyed by
the lands so nation was destroyed by
the lands so nation was destroyed by nation and city by city for God troubled
nation and city by city for God troubled
nation and city by city for God troubled them with every adversity but you be
them with every adversity but you be
them with every adversity but you be strong and do not let your hands be weak
strong and do not let your hands be weak
strong and do not let your hands be weak for your work shall be rewarded and when
for your work shall be rewarded and when
for your work shall be rewarded and when asa heard these words and the prophecy
asa heard these words and the prophecy
asa heard these words and the prophecy of Odette the Prophet he took courage
of Odette the Prophet he took courage
of Odette the Prophet he took courage and removed the abominable idols from
and removed the abominable idols from
and removed the abominable idols from all the land of Judah and Benjamin and
all the land of Judah and Benjamin and
all the land of Judah and Benjamin and from the cities which he had taken in
from the cities which he had taken in
from the cities which he had taken in the mountains of Ephraim and he restored
the mountains of Ephraim and he restored
the mountains of Ephraim and he restored the altar of the Lord there was before
the altar of the Lord there was before
the altar of the Lord there was before the vestibule of the law
the vestibule of the law
the vestibule of the law then he gathered all Judah and Benjamin
then he gathered all Judah and Benjamin
then he gathered all Judah and Benjamin and those who dwelt with them from
and those who dwelt with them from
and those who dwelt with them from Ephraim Manasseh and Simeon for they
Ephraim Manasseh and Simeon for they
Ephraim Manasseh and Simeon for they came over to him in great numbers from
came over to him in great numbers from
came over to him in great numbers from Israel when they saw that the Lord his
Israel when they saw that the Lord his
Israel when they saw that the Lord his God was with him
God was with him
God was with him so they gathered together at Jerusalem
so they gathered together at Jerusalem
so they gathered together at Jerusalem in the third month in the fifteenth year
in the third month in the fifteenth year
in the third month in the fifteenth year of the reign of ASA
of the reign of ASA
of the reign of ASA and they offer to the Lord at that time
and they offer to the Lord at that time
and they offer to the Lord at that time 700 bulls and 7,000 sheep from the spoil
700 bulls and 7,000 sheep from the spoil
700 bulls and 7,000 sheep from the spoil they had brought then they entered into
they had brought then they entered into
they had brought then they entered into a covenant to seek the Lord God of their
a covenant to seek the Lord God of their
a covenant to seek the Lord God of their fathers with all their heart and with
fathers with all their heart and with
fathers with all their heart and with all their soul and whoever would not
all their soul and whoever would not
all their soul and whoever would not seek the Lord God of Israel was to be
seek the Lord God of Israel was to be
seek the Lord God of Israel was to be put to death whether small or great
put to death whether small or great
put to death whether small or great whether man or woman then they took an
whether man or woman then they took an
whether man or woman then they took an oath before the Lord with a loud voice
oath before the Lord with a loud voice
oath before the Lord with a loud voice with shouting and trumpets and ram's
with shouting and trumpets and ram's
with shouting and trumpets and ram's horns and all Judah rejoiced at the oath
horns and all Judah rejoiced at the oath
horns and all Judah rejoiced at the oath for they had sworn with all their heart
for they had sworn with all their heart
for they had sworn with all their heart and sought him with all their soul and
and sought him with all their soul and
and sought him with all their soul and he was found by them and the Lord gave
he was found by them and the Lord gave
he was found by them and the Lord gave them rest all around also he removed may
them rest all around also he removed may
them rest all around also he removed may occur the mother of ace of the king from
occur the mother of ace of the king from
occur the mother of ace of the king from being Queen mother because she had made
being Queen mother because she had made
being Queen mother because she had made an obscene image of a Shearer and ASA
an obscene image of a Shearer and ASA
an obscene image of a Shearer and ASA cut down her obscene image then crushed
cut down her obscene image then crushed
cut down her obscene image then crushed and burned it by the brook kidron but
and burned it by the brook kidron but
and burned it by the brook kidron but the high places were not removed from
the high places were not removed from
the high places were not removed from Israel nevertheless the heart of ASA was
Israel nevertheless the heart of ASA was
Israel nevertheless the heart of ASA was loyal all his days he also brought into
loyal all his days he also brought into
loyal all his days he also brought into the house of God the things that his
the house of God the things that his
the house of God the things that his father had dedicated and that he himself
father had dedicated and that he himself
father had dedicated and that he himself had dedicated silver and gold and
had dedicated silver and gold and
had dedicated silver and gold and utensils and there was no war until the
utensils and there was no war until the
utensils and there was no war until the 35th year of the reign of ASA